Add A5b+++ (#1152)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-guidelines.md

Reviewer: Maybe better wording would be 
> The WCA Delegate should not grant the competitor an additional attempt solely based on someone picking up a popped or detached part of the competitor's puzzle.

Reviewer 2: Thank you Samuel! Why do you think it would be better? (honest question from non-native speaker).

Reviewer: The first one just doesn’t flow well, I think it may have to do with the comma (which I think isn’t necessary?) and the order. Hard to explain, so it may just need a few other native English speakers to look at it :p

Reviewer 2: @Nevseros WDYT? I like Samuel's version :eyes:

Reviewer 3: Yeah, I think it sounds better overall. But "additional" should be changed to "extra", of course.

- A3c4++) [CLARIFICATION] The competitor may remove the object during the solve, if they did not do it during the inspection (e.g. they forgot).
- A5b+) [CLARIFICATION] While inspecting or solving the puzzle, the competitor may touch the puzzle with any part of their body. Exception: 3x3x3 One-Handed (see [Regulation C1b](regulations:regulation:C1b)).

> - A5b++) [CLARIFICATION] If a part of the competitor's puzzle pops out (see [Regulation 5a](regulations:regulation:5a)), the competitor must not ask for assistance retrieving or locating the part and the judge should attempt to prevent others from assisting. If someone picks up a popped part for the competitor, the judge or competitor may ask them to place it on the solving station and not to assist any further.
> - A5b+++) [CLARIFICATION] If someone picks up a popped part of the competitor, the WCA Delegate should not grant the competitor an extra attempt unless a separate incident occurs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- A5b++) [CLARIFICATION] If a part of the competitor's puzzle is popped out or detached (see [Regulation 5a](regulations:regulation:5a)), the competitor must not ask for assistance retrieving or locating the part and the judge should attempt to prevent others from assisting. If someone picks up a popped part for the competitor, the judge or competitor may ask them to place it on the solving station and not to assist any further.
- A5b+++) [CLARIFICATION] If someone picks up a popped or detached part of the competitor, the WCA Delegate should not grant the competitor an extra attempt unless a separate incident occurs.
```

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- A5b++) [CLARIFICATION] If a part of the competitor's puzzle is popped out or detached (see [Regulation 5a](regulations:regulation:5a)), the competitor must not ask for assistance retrieving or locating the part and the judge should attempt to prevent others from assisting. If someone picks up a popped part for the competitor, the judge or competitor may ask them to place it on the solving station and not to assist any further.
- A5b+++) [CLARIFICATION] If someone picks up a popped or detached part of the competitor's puzzle, the WCA Delegate should not grant the competitor an extra attempt unless a separate incident occurs.
```
One further unconnected suggest for something that read a little oddly when looking at this again. The part belongs to the competitor but is not a physical part of them!

Reviewer 3: Oops, yeah, we noticed it but I forgot to include it into the suggestion. Thanks Oliver!
